The film opens with Michael Bryce arriving
at the Triple A Bodyguard Awards, something
he has been looking forward to for a long
time.
As he accepts his award, he finds none other
than Darius Kincaid cackling at him.
Bryce realizes he is in a nightmare, as he
sees his doomed client Kurosawa talking to
him before Darius once again blows his brains
out before going for Bryce.
Bryce is in therapy talking about this recurring
nightmare, still in despair over not being
a bodyguard anymore.
The therapist (Rebecca Front) tries to convince
him that he doesn’t need to be a bodyguard
to feel fulfilled, and she encourages him
to take a sabbatical.
Bryce reluctantly agrees.
At a meeting of the European Nation, the head
of the EU announces that they will impose
more sanctions on Greece.
The man’s bodyguards are killed, and he
is taken hostage to Athens, where riots are
already taking place in the streets.
He is confronted by criminal boss Aristotle
Papadopolous.
Aristotle announces his plans to bring all
of Europe down as soon as the sanctions go
into effect, and he has his men suffocate
the EU head with a plastic bag.
Bryce is at a resort trying to take the sabbatical
seriously.
This is
quickly ruined by Sonia Kincaid, who pulls
Bryce away as gunmen storm the resort.
Sonia shoots some of them down as she explains
to Bryce that Kincaid has been taken by the
mob, and that he specifically requested Bryce’s
help.
They get away on a motorcycle, shooting more
bad guys before finally making their getaway.
Aristotle’s minions Magnusson and Veronika
meet with weapons dealers in Croatia as they
present to them a device that Aristotle has
had his eye on.
After activating it, the power grid in the
area is blown out, causing chaos across the
city and causing multiple fatalities.
Aristotle is impressed with the weapon and
then orders Magnusson and Veronika to kill
the dealers and take the weapon.
The next day, the weapons dealers are found
by an Interpol team.
American agent Bobby O’Neill is met by his
superior Crowley, and O’Neill informs her
that one of the victims is a known arms dealer.
Crowley orders O’Neill to find the weapon
that the killers took, and O’Neill may return
home to Boston as he has been wanting.
She also forces him to work with her translator,
Aislo, whom he mocks for her name and Scottish
accent.
Bryce and Sonia find the mobsters that have
taken Kincaid.
Despite Bryce trying to take a simple approach,
Sonia enters and kills some of the henchmen.
Meanwhile, Kincaid is brought before mob boss
Carlo, who has a grudge against the hitman
for killing his men.
Sonia soon comes in guns blazing as she kills
more of Carlo’s henchmen, leaving Kincaid
an opportunity to break free and kill the
remaining men, including Carlo.
Although Kincaid is elated to see Sonia, he
is none too pleased to see Bryce, as he apparently
told Sonia to get help from anybody BUT Bryce.
The former bodyguard is likewise not the least
bit happy to see Kincaid either.
When Kincaid and Sonia appear to prepare to
ditch Bryce, they are both captured, and Bryce
is tased before getting taken in too.
The three are brought before O’Neill, who
knows who they all are and berates them for
killing Carlo, since he was an informant who
was going to get O’Neill close to getting
the mastermind behind the cyber attacks.
O’Neill forces the trio to work for him
and get close to the target by having Sonia
pose as Carlo’s mistress, and Bryce as her
bodyguard.
Before going on their mission, Sonia becomes
suspicious about Kincaid since the reason
he was taken in the first place was because
he left on their honeymoon for what he claims
is a job he is on.
Sonia attempts to hit Kincaid with their car
but ends up ramming into Bryce and flings
him up into the air.
Kincaid then surprises Sonia with tickets
to see “Carmen” at the opera, and they
proceed to have a romantic afternoon with
some money given to them by O’Neill that
is supposed to be for emergencies.
All the while, they keep Bryce locked up in
the trunk until he regains consciousness.
He starts to yell at Kincaid and Sonia until
she tells him that they are trying to start
a family.
Bryce lies and says she would make a great
mother.
The trio proceeds to the mission, where Bryce
and Sonia go into a club to meet with their
mark, a man named Vlad, while Kincaid is outside
on sniper duty.
Vlad gives Sonia a briefcase to deliver to
Aristotle, with a bracelet that will explode
if separated from the briefcase.
Their cover is blown when Bryce’s former
client Seifert shows up high off his ass and
refers to him by name.
Vlad and his guys look Bryce up and mock him
for being a former bodyguard, while Vlad makes
the fatal mistake of calling Sonia old.
She goes ballistic, which leads to her and
Kincaid killing Vlad’s guys in the club
all while trying to keep the briefcase close
so Sonia doesn’t blow up.
After she kills Vlad, one gunman remains,
and Bryce pushes Sonia out of the way while
taking the buckshot himself.
Sonia kills the gunman and drags Bryce out
to the boat where they escape.
O’Neill and Aislo come across agents near
a crime scene.
He creates a diversion to swipe a paper that
details the superweapon that Aristotle has
gotten, which is a massive drill that will
be used to wipe out Europe’s whole power
grid.
Kincaid and Sonia believe Bryce is dead, so
they dump him in the water.
He revives soon after and reveals he was wearing
Kevlar.
The three then take the briefcase and locate
Aristotle in Italy as he is making a public
appearance.
Bryce recognizes Magnusson as a top-ranking
bodyguard, while Kincaid notices Aristotle
has his own hitman, Zento, who has taken some
of Kincaid’s business.
Bryce complains about broken ribs sustained
from the buckshot, so Sonia gives him what
she says are painkillers.
Magnusson spots the trio and gives Zento the
cue to shoot them.
The trio flee the scene and are pursued by
Magnusson and other gunmen.
Bryce then starts to get woozy because the
pills Sonia gave him were actually lithium.
He loses consciousness, so Kincaid and Sonia
drive maniacally through the streets before
managing to get rid of the gunmen, all while
Bryce is tossed around in the back and bangs
around several items.
After escaping the villains, Bryce snaps at
Kincaid and Sonia for getting him into so
much trouble.
He even offends Sonia when he calls her crazy
and says she would be a terrible mother.
Bryce then asks around for a sign, all of
which seem to convince him to head to Tuscany.
The trio head there to meet his stepfather,
Bryce Senior (Morgan Freeman), who taught
Bryce everything he knows about being a bodyguard
and is a top notch bodyguard himself.
Kincaid is surprised that Bryce has a black
father.
Senior invites the trio to a meal, but things
go bad when he brings out gelato.
After Bryce walks away feeling triggered,
Senior explains to Kincaid and Sonia that
when Bryce was a child, he was close with
his mother, but while out at a carnival, he
went to get gelato when an obese man fell
from a ride and crashed into his mother, sending
her flying into a grisly death by hitting
another ride, leaving Bryce to blame himself
for what happened.
Sonia goes to talk to Bryce and assumes that
his anger towards her and Kincaid was a parental
issue, and she forgives him.
Senior then lets Bryce take his car to complete
their mission.
The trio drive away to a safe location, where
they are unfortunately tranquilized and captured
by Aristotle’s minions.
When he confronts them, it is revealed that
he has a history with Sonia, as she was apparently
his lover before she fell off his yacht and
developed amnesia, but really he was just
another man that she conned.
Aristotle sends Bryce and Kincaid away to
get tortured while he re acquaint himself
with Sonia and promises to give her a family.
He also takes the device from the briefcase
that will activate the superweapon, and he
removes the bracelet from Sonia’s wrist.
Aristotle then claims he knows why Kincaid
was really away during their honeymoon – he
was at a fertility clinic because Sonia is
apparently barren.
Meanwhile, Bryce and Kincaid are interrogated,
but Bryce manages to create a distraction
to allow them to escape and kill the torturers.
After killing more henchmen, Bryce and Kincaid
try to get Sonia, but she appears to turn
on them and declare that their time together
is over.
The two flee from the gunmen and split up.
Bryce returns to his dad’s home to ask for
help, only to learn that Senior is Aristotle’s
own bodyguard.
Senior berates Bryce and calls him a stain
on his legacy.
In retaliation, Bryce destroys his dad’s
car.
He goes to a bar where Kincaid is drinking
after having started a bar brawl.
The bartender then picks up the phone and
tells Kincaid that Sonia is calling, somehow
having tracked him.
She informs him that Aristotle has sent a
kill squad to go after them.
Gunmen then fire upon the bar, which prompts
Bryce and Kincaid to drive away again.
They kill and evade more gunmen but crash
their car, with Bryce getting knocked into
the river by other thugs that Kincaid kills.
In the morning, Kincaid brings Bryce to safety
and gets him pumped up enough to go for the
final showdown to rescue Sonia.
Kincaid then also reveals to Bryce that the
reason that he and Sonia are having trouble
conceiving his because he was shot in the
balls a while back by none other than Bryce
during a mission when Bryce was still a bodyguard.
Interpol finds them moments later.
They speak to Crowley and convince two agents
to join them in their mission.
Bryce and Kincaid use the Interpol agents
as decoys since Senior’s security team is
after them.
The two kill more bad guys until they make
it to the yacht above the spot in the ocean
where Aristotle plans to set off the drill
and wipe out the European power grid.
Aristotle learns that Bryce and Kincaid are
nearby, so he sends Magnusson after Bryce,
and Zento after Kincaid.
Bryce engages in a long fight with Magnusson
before smashing his head inside a jukebox,
while Kincaid kills Zento with a ricochet
bullet.
Aristotle leaves Sonia to be killed by Veronika
while he fights Kincaid, and Senior comes
to fight Bryce.
Sonia kills Veronika before joining her husband
as they reconcile.
They shoot Aristotle dead together while Bryce
sticks a pocketknife in Senior’s neck.
He shows that he is impressed in Bryce, but
then lets him know that the device is almost
done doing its job.
If he wants to destroy it, the ship is rigged
to blow if the countdown is stopped.
Bryce finds the manual override switch and
pulls it before he, Kincaid, and Sonia all
jump off the boat as it is destroyed.
The trio are picked up by Interpol, with O’Neill
thanking them for their work even though he
still thinks they’re all idiots.
He then hands Bryce some papers to sign, making
him think that he is getting his bodyguard
license reinstated.
Sonia then takes the papers and reveals that
those were adoption papers, and Bryce is now
her and Kincaid’s son.
Cue a big “WHAT?!” from Bryce and Kincaid.